Improve README.md (#143)
rsksmart/rif-relay: README.md

A secure transaction relay system to enable users to pay fees using ERC-20 tokens.

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/rsksmart/enveloping/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/rsksmart/enveloping/tree/master)

## Table of contents

- [Description](#Description)
- [Requirements](#Requirements)
- [Launching](#Launching)
- [Testnet Contracts](#Testnet-Contracts-V2)

> - [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting)

Reviewer: broken link here

| CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier    | 0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7 |
|===================================|============================================|
```

You'll need to save this summary for later use.

### On Testnet

We'll use `truffle` for deploying contracts.

`npx truffle migrate --network rsktestnet` (disclaimer: to use testnet, you should have an unlocked account with funds or configure it in `truffle.js`).

These contracts have been deployed on Testnet. See [here](#testnet-contracts) for their addresses.

## Run the Relay Server
Now you need to start the relay server, to do so you need to configure the json config file located at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/jsrelay/config/relay-config.json` which has this structure:
   
```
{
  "url": "localhost",
  "port": 8090,
  "relayHubAddress": "0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701",
  "relayVerifierAddress": "0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2",
  "deployVerifierAddress": "0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67",
  "gasPriceFactor": 1,
  "rskNodeUrl": "http://rsk-node:4444",
  "devMode": true,
  "customReplenish": false,
  "logLevel": 1,

>   "workdir": "/home/jonathan/workspace/enveloping/environment"

Reviewer 2: remove my name please lol

* **devMode**: it indicates to the server if we are in development mode or not.
* **customReplenish**: set if the server uses a custom replenish function or not.
* **logLevel**: is the log level for the relay server.
* **workdir**: is the absolute path to the folder where the server will store the database and all its data.

3. Now we can use the command `yarn relay` (on the root of the relay project) to start the relay server.
After running that command you will see a log saying that the relay server is not ready and that some values are wrong, that's ok you just need to register this relay server into the relay hub in order to be usable by the clients.

## Register the Relay Server

### On Regtest

Once the relay server is running, you need to register this server in order for it to be usable, to do so
first need to configure the script located on `<PROJECT_ROOT>/scripts/registerRelayServer` and replace the 
   values as you consider. The script contains the following:

```
node dist/src/cli/commands/enveloping.js relayer-register --funds 100 --stake 200 --network http://rsk-node:4444/ --hub "0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701"
```

Where:

> * **--funds**: indicates the amount of RBTC that you will transfer from accounts[0] to the worker manager account.

Reviewer 2: You should specify the `--network` parameter here too

## Custom worker replenish function in the Relay Server

Each relayed transaction is signed by a Relay Worker account. The worker accounts are controlled by the Relay Manager. When a relay worker signs and relays a transaction, the cost for that transaction is paid using the funds in that worker's account. If the transaction is not subsidized, then the worker is compensated with tokens. Worker accounts must always have some minimum balance to pay gas for the transaction. These balances can be managed by implementing a replenishment strategy. The Relay Manager can use the strategy to top off a relay worker's account when the balance gets too low. We provide a default implementation for a replenishment strategy.  Enveloping solution integrators can implement their own replenish strategy.

To implement and use your own replenish strategy:

1. In the folder `src/relayserver`, open `ReplenishFunction.ts` with a text editor.

> 2. On the function `replenishStrategy` write your replenish strategy on the then branch.

Reviewer 2: This should be 
```suggestion
2. On the function `replenishStrategy` write your new replenish strategy.
```

It is important to recall that - as a security measure - the version 1 contracts deployed on Mainnet have limits on the staked amounts to operate, these limits were removed in version 2.

## Table of contents

- [Requirements](#Requirements)
- [Launching](#Launching)
- [Testnet Contracts](#Testnet-Contracts-V2)
- [Troubleshooting](#Troubleshooting)

> - [Changelog](#Changelog)

Reviewer 2: agree

## Additional Technical Documentation

The following technical content is available:

- Architecture [docs/enveloping_architecture](docs/enveloping_architecture.md)
- Launching RIF Enveloping [docs/launching_enveloping](docs/launching_enveloping.md)
- Development guide [docs/development_guide](docs/development_guide.md)
- Integration guide [docs/integration_guide](docs/integration_guide.md)

> - Gas costs [docs/overhead_tx_costs](docs/overhead_tx_costs.md)

Reviewer 2: Agree here too, it's better to have the link directly

## Docker

We recommend following the official [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) for installing Docker and keeping it updated.

You need to install `docker` and `docker-compose`

### Running on macOS
To run the project using Docker on a Mac, please follow these steps or the scripts and web apps will not work. 

- Patch `readlink`
The startup scripts assume that GNU's `readlink` command is available. But MacOS ships with BSD's `readlink`, which is incompatible with GNU's version. So we must patch `readlink`. This can be done using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) as follows:

```
brew install coreutils
ln -s /usr/local/bin/greadlink /usr/local/bin/readlink
```

After this step, you must make sure that your `PATH` variable gives priority to `/usr/local/bin` over `/usr/bin`. You can check this with `which readlink`, which should output `/usr/local/bin/readlink`. Alternatively try executing `readlink -f .`, if it works you're ok.

# Launching

## Building the project

Clone the project. Then run the following from the Enveloping project's root directory to build it.

`yarn install`

> `yarn prepare`

Reviewer: this one is still pending

| Penalizer                         | 0xe8C7C6f18c3B9532343487faD807060750C1fE95 |
| RelayHub                          | 0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701 |
| SampleRecipient                   | 0x5D0aBdE7Ed6B7e122eD55EAe514E617d6c08f407 |
| SmartWallet                       | 0xB7a001eE69E7C1eef25Eb8e628e46214Ea74BF0F |
| SmartWalletFactory                | 0x8C1108cFCd7ddad09D8910e5f42982A6c54aD9cD |
| SmartWalletDeployVerifier         | 0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67 |
| SmartWalletRelayVerifier          | 0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2 |
| CustomSmartWallet                 | 0x96A90Ee24C20c78Ba20AcE1a2aa4D59F79353C54 |
| CustomSmartWalletFactory          | 0x89bac3BB0517F7Dc0E5E94265217A9Acc5cc489f |
| CustomSmartWalletDeployVerifier   | 0x3eE31F6049065B616f85470985c0eF067f2bEbDE |
| CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier    | 0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7 |
|===================================|============================================|
```

You need to copy that summary and save it in some place to retrieve it later.

### On Testnet

Use `truffle` for deploying contracts.

> `npx truffle migrate --network rsktestnet` (disclaimer: to use testnet, you should have an unlocked account with funds or configure it in `truffle.js`).

Reviewer 2: sounds good

> `npx truffle migrate --network rsktestnet` (disclaimer: to use testnet, you should have an unlocked account with funds or configure it in `truffle.js`).

Reviewer: @mauricioirace

first need to configure the script located on `<PROJECT_ROOT>/scripts/registerRelayServer` and replace the 
   values as you consider, the script contains something like this:

```
node dist/src/cli/commands/enveloping.js relayer-register --funds 100 --stake 200 --network http://rsk-node:4444/ --hub "0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701"
```

Where:

* **--fund**: indicates the amount of rbtc that you will transfer from accounts[0] to the worker manager account.
* **--stake**: (Pending documentation) this should be twice the value of funds.
* **--hub**: is the relay hub contract address, you can retrieve this from the contract summary.

After doing that you need to open another terminal and run this command `yarn registerRelay` \
(on the root of the enveloping project) in order to register the relay. After running that command you will
be seeing some logs saying that everything executes correctly. Then if you go to the relay server
logs you will be seing a lot of interaction but you need to see this log to be sure the server is ready:

```
Relayer state: READY
```

### On Testnet

1. Send to relayManagerAddress at least 0.001 tRBTC to set it up

> 2. Send to relayWorkerAddress at least 0.001 tRBTC to set it up

Reviewer: we should indicate how to obtain these addresses, (i.e. go to `http://localhost:8080/`or whatever the URL is)

Reviewer 2: agree

| CustomSmartWalletRelayVerifier    | 0xDE8Ae20488BE104f0782C0126038b6682ECc1eC7 |
|===================================|============================================|
```

You'll need to save this summary for later use.

### Deploy contracts On Testnet

We'll use `truffle` for deploying contracts.

`npx truffle migrate --network rsktestnet` (disclaimer: to use testnet, you should have an unlocked account with funds or configure it in `truffle.js`).

These contracts have been deployed on Testnet. See [here](#testnet-contracts) for their addresses.

## Launching

### Run the Relay Server
Now you need to start the relay server, to do so you need to configure the json config file located at `<PROJECT_ROOT>/jsrelay/config/relay-config.json` which has this structure:
   
```
{
  "url": "localhost",
  "port": 8090,
  "relayHubAddress": "0x3bA95e1cccd397b5124BcdCC5bf0952114E6A701",
  "relayVerifierAddress": "0x74Dc4471FA8C8fBE09c7a0C400a0852b0A9d04b2",
  "deployVerifierAddress": "0x1938517B0762103d52590Ca21d459968c25c9E67",
  "gasPriceFactor": 1,
  "rskNodeUrl": "http://rsk-node:4444",
  "devMode": true,
  "customReplenish": false,
  "logLevel": 1,

>   "workdir": "/home/user/workspace"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "workdir": "/home/user/workspace/enveloping"
```
